COMPOSITION / INGREDIENTS
Change composition
servings:
eight


Water
2.5
l
Beef
400
gr
Cabbage
400
gr
Potatoes
300
gr
Onion
one
PCS.
Garlic
3
gear
Bay leaf
2
PCS.
Vinegar (9%)
one
table.l
Ground black pepper
taste
Salt
taste
FOR FRYING:
Carrot
one
PCS.
Beets (large)
one
PCS.
tomato paste
four
table.l
Vegetable oil
How to cook classic borscht with beef? Prepare all the necessary ingredients for borscht. For a richer broth,
 it is better to take beef on the bone. Wash potatoes well and peel. So that the tubers do not darken, fill 
 them with water while boiling the broth.
How to cook classic borscht with beef? Prepare all the necessary ingredients for borscht. For a richer broth, it is better
 to take beef on the bone. Wash potatoes well and peel. So that the tubers do not darken, fill them with water while boiling the broth.
How to cook classic borscht with beef? Prepare all the necessary ingredients for borscht. For a richer broth, it is better
 to take beef on the bone. Wash potatoes well and peel. So that the tubers do not darken, fill them with water while boiling the broth.
While the broth is cooking, cut the potatoes into medium cubes.
Free the head of cabbage from the topmost leaves, cut out the stalk. Finely chop the cabbage.
Remove the meat from the broth, cool and cut into small pieces.
Add chopped cabbage and potatoes to the broth. Bring the broth to a boil and simmer over medium heat for 10-15 minutes.
Prepare the necessary ingredients for frying. How to make roast? Prepare food for her. Wash and peel beets and carrots. You can
 replace tomato paste with ketchup or 1-2 fresh tomatoes. If using fresh tomatoes, remove the skin from them. To do this, cut them 
 crosswise, scald them with boiling water, and then put them in cold water. After that, the skin will be very easy to remove. Then
  grate the pulp on a fine grater.
Grate the beets on a coarse grater.
Grate the carrots as well.
Heat vegetable oil in a frying pan over low heat. Put the carrots, beets and tomato paste. If you use onions in frying, you need to add it along with all the vegetables.
Simmer over low heat for 5-7 minutes, stirring.
Transfer the roast to a bowl and stir. Borscht will immediately acquire a bright ruby ​​​​color. The key to a beautiful bright red color of borscht is in the color of the beet itself, as well as in the cooking time. If the beetroot is stewed for a long time and then boiled, it becomes transparent, and the borscht acquires a pale red color. The proportions of beets and water are also important: if there is a lot of water, and the beetroot is small, then it will not be enough to properly paint over the entire broth.
Return the beef to the pot. Pour in the vinegar. Vinegar can be replaced with juice of 1/2 lemon or 1/2 tsp. citric acid. In any case, it is necessary to add some kind of acid to the borscht: this way its bright color is preserved and the borscht itself acquires a slight sourness. Add bay leaves, salt and pepper. Stir again and cook until the vegetables are ready for about 10-15 minutes.
Cover the pan with a lid and let the borscht brew for 10-15 minutes. Then pour into plates and serve with sour cream and brown bread. Enjoy your meal!